docs: Default block configuration example (#2098)
TypeCellOS/BlockNote: docs/content/docs/features/blocks/code-blocks.mdx

<Callout type="info">
  These features are disabled by default to keep the default code block
  experience easy to use and reduce bundle size. They can be individually added
  when [configuring the
  block](/docs/features/blocks#configuring-default-blocks).
</Callout>

**Configuration Options**

```ts
type CodeBlockOptions = {
  indentLineWithTab?: boolean;
  defaultLanguage?: string;
  supportedLanguages?: Record<
    string,
    {
      name: string;
      aliases?: string[];
    }
  >;
  createHighlighter?: () => Promise<HighlighterGeneric<any, any>>;
};
```

`indentLineWithTab:` Whether the Tab key should indent lines, or be handled by the editor's default key handlers. Defaults to `true`.

`defaultLanguage:` The syntax highlighting default language for code blocks which are created/inserted without a set language, which is `text` by default (no syntax highlighting).

> `supportedLanguages:` The syntax highlighting languages supported by the code block, or an empty array by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`supportedLanguages:` The syntax highlighting languages supported by the code block, which is an empty array by default.
```
